{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20260\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
a) 0\'855 and 0..<5 are two types of ____Loops________. How are they different?\
\
- half open creates range but excluding final value\
- closed range includes the final value\
\
\
b) Describe type inference in Swift and give an example.\
\
- You don\'92t need to specify the type of value\
- For Example: let number = 10\
- Swift will know 10 is a integer, so the constant \'93number\'94 must be Integer\
\
\
\
c) List three advantages of Playgrounds.\
- light weight code\
- small amount of code to see results\
- allow you to focus on core concept of swift language\
\
\
\
d) When does the execution of a while loop end?\
\
- until the condition becomes false\
\
\
e) True or False: Tuples in Swift can contain values of different data types.\
\
- True\
\
f) List three data types you have used in Swift.\
\
- String\
- Int\
- Bool\
\
\
g) To execute alternative code when the condition of an if statement is not met, you can use what clause?\
\
- else\
\
h) What is the third element of the array nums defined below?  \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 let nums = [5, 0, 44, 20, 1].\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - 44\
\
\
\
i) An ___expression_________ is a unit of code that resolves to a single value.\
\
\
\
j) Define two ways to unwrap optionals in Swift.\
\
- if let\
- guard let\
- nil coalescing\
\
\
k) True or False: The condition in an if statement must be true or false.\
\
- True\
\
\
l) Arrays in Swift are _____zero_______ indexed.\
\
\
\
m) An unordered collection of unique values of the same type is a _____set________.\
\
\
\
\
ABOVE AND BEYOND\
\
\pard\tx642\pardeftab642\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Area: square1 - 16 square2 - 25\
Area: rectangle1 - 20 rectangle2 - 20\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Square uses structure. Which means that when square2 = square1, square2 makes a brand new copy of the data from square1. Which means these 2 instances does not share the same data. So changing one instance\'92s data, does not affect the other instance. \
\
Rectangle uses class. Which means that when rectangle2 = rectangle1, rectangle2 reference the same data as rectangle1. rectangle1 and rectangle2 points to the same data. So if you change either rectangle1 or rectangle2, it will change for both because there is only 1 copy of the data that\'92s been shared for both instances\
\
\
}